Our order created.
Listener is looking pretty good and we've got some tests around it.
So that's it, right?
We're all done with the listener.
Well, come on.
You know, by now.
No, we're not done with the listener.
It turns out there's a hidden little issue inside of here, something that could very easily bite us
if we deploy this code as it stands right now.
So let's take a look at a diagram and understand a little mistake we have inside of here.
Okay.
So we're going to take a look at a series of diagrams that's going to walk you through a potential flow
inside of our app.
And we're going to see inside of this very specific series of actions.
We eventually end up with some pretty darn inconsistent data.
So we're going to begin by imagining that inside of our order service we have replicated over a ticket.
So this is a ticket that is defined inside the order service and we want to reserve it naturally to
reserve a ticket.
We're going to create an order.
And whenever we create an order right now we are emitting an order created event.
So this is an event that is going to be sent from the order service over to the ticket service to tell
the ticket service that this ticket is being reserved because we just created in order.
So this event right here is going to say that for ticket ID.
Q That's this one right here we have created in order to reserve it.
And that order has an ID of ads.
So the ticket service, specifically the ticket service listener, me, the order created listener inside
of there is going to find the relevant ticket.
It's then going to take that order's ID of ads and update the order ID property.
Also, remember that any time we make a change to a record that Magus update if current module is going
to automatically increment the version number.
And so we would go up to version number one like so.
Okay.
Let's now consider a next possible step, something that could definitely happen inside of our app at
some point in the future after this event.
So at some point in the future, maybe the user decides not to purchase this ticket.
Maybe they don't pay the ticket in time or pay the order in time or whatever it is.
But at some point in time in the future, we can imagine that maybe we get an order canceled event coming
from the order service as well.
We have not implemented this event yet, but I'm sure you can imagine what this event is going to do
to our ticket service.
Whenever we see order canceled, we want to reserve this ticket.
So we would find the ticket with IDC's queue.
That's this one right here.
And we would remove that order.
ID It is the presence of the order ID that indicates whether or not a ticket is reserved.
Order cancelled means don't want to reserve that ticket anymore.
So we would just remove the order ID property.
Also because we are making a change to this ticket, we would increment its version to two.
Okay.
So now next possible step.
Let's imagine that now that the ticket is unlocked and unreserved, maybe the person who owns this ticket
decides, you know what, I want to change the price.
So they make a request to edit the ticket and they want to change the price to 30.
This is something we have totally built into our application.
Definitely not outside the realm of possibility to have this happen.
So we would find the ticket with.
Q update its price to 30 and once again because we are making a change to this ticket the mongoose update
if current module would automatically increment the version here to three.
Now.
Do you remember as well that when anytime we make a change to a ticket, whenever we change the price
through the request handler of ticket.
Edit We also emit an event just to describe the fact that we have changed this price and so we can really
imagine it simultaneously.
Right after making that change, we would emit an event that looks something like this.
We would say for ticket ID, cc.
Q We have changed its price to 30.
And the current version of this event or this ticket is version three.
So what do we do at this event?
Well, remember, right now, this event is going to go over to our order service because we want to
keep all the data, all the tickets between these two services in sync.
So this event will go over to the order service and we're going to process it and update the Order Service's
copy of this ticket.
There's just one little issue with that.
So here's the same diagram I've just added in the order service at the very bottom.
And the issue here is that if we take a look at this ticket, it still has a version of zero right now,
the initial version of that ticket.
So it turns out that when we had made those updates through order, created an order, canceled, we
made changes to the ticket.
But we and we incremented the version, but we never kind of percolated those changes, so to speak,
or emitted some event to describe these changes and got that picked up by our order service.
So as far as the order service is concerned, we have a ticket right here of version zero.
The order service is going to see an incoming event with a version of three, and the Order Service
is going to say, Oh, I can't process this event just yet.
It has a version of three and I'm stuck on version zero.
So the order service is going to assume that it must be missing two events, the event with version
one and the event with version two.
So the obvious solution here, very plain and clear, is just that whenever we make any kind of change
to the ticket through, say, the order created event listener or order cancelled, which we're going
to put together in a little bit, we have to emit an event.
We just have to emit an event and say, Hey, here's some new version so that all the dependent services
can update their data and update that version number as well.
Otherwise, the version numbers are going to fall out of sync, and we're not going to.
Or as soon as we start to emit another event around this record, all these dependent services are going
to say, Oh, I must be missing some events.
I'm going to reject this one and wait for those other events to come in, even though we had never emitted
them.
So again, the real lesson here is just whenever we make a change to a record, we have to emit an event.
Yes.
With that in mind, I think the path forward is pretty clear.
Inside of our ordinary listener, we are making a change to our ticket.
And because we are making a change, we just have to emit an event.
That's pretty much it.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
Come back the next video.
Add in some code to emit an event right after we change that ticket to just say, Hey, this ticket's
been changed.
So quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.